README.md, before:

## atm_interface
A very basic interface that tries to have the same functionality that an ATM could have (maybe slightly different).
This is just a test project, I'm still learning Rust. You may download and use the program, though it should be noted: the program has not practical use, and is really only for educational purposes.

### Installation
You can install `atm_interface` with a few simple steps.
To begin with, clone the repository using the method shown below:
``` 
git clone git@github.com:hrszpuk/atm_interface.git
```
After doing so you can change directory into the project and built using `cargo` **(which is required)**.
``` 
cd atm_interface && cargo build --release
```
Finally, change into the target directory and run the program using `./atm_interface`:
``` 
cd target/release && ./atm_interface
```
From here, you can use the "help" command to see a list of command you can use.

### Contributing
Currently, the project is not accepting contributions of any kind.
This repository is purely for storage and remote access.
This project is educational, and not designed to be useful to practical in anyway.

Commit message:

Added a todo list
Todo list to keep track of improvements I would like to make to the project in the future.

README.md, after:

## atm_interface
A very basic interface that tries to have the same functionality that an ATM could have (maybe slightly different).
This is just a test project, at the time of this project I am still learning Rust. You may download and use the program, though it should be noted: the program has no practical use, and is really only for educational purposes.

### Installation
You can install `atm_interface` with a few simple steps.
To begin with, clone the repository using the method shown below:
``` 
git clone git@github.com:hrszpuk/atm_interface.git
```
After doing so you can change directory into the project and built using `cargo` **(which is required)**.
``` 
cd atm_interface && cargo build --release
```
Finally, change into the target directory and run the program using `./atm_interface`:
``` 
cd target/release && ./atm_interface
```
From here, you can use the "help" command to see a list of command you can use.

### Todo
Here is a todo list of future features/improvements I would like to add to the application.
- [ ] Better help menu
- [ ] Add login screen
- [ ] Command line colors
- [ ] Better "payments" screen

### Contributing
Currently, the project is not accepting contributions of any kind.
This repository is purely for storage and remote access.
This project is educational, and not designed to be useful or practical in any way.
